

SECONDES 1000
MINUTES 60*SECONDES
HEURES 60*MINUTES
VERB 0
SIZE 20

network.size SIZE
debug_config none
simulation.endtime 12*HEURES
random.seed 42

init.initialisation Initialisation

#control.graph GraphicalMonitor
control.graph.positionprotocol position
control.graph.time_slow 0.0002
control.graph.step 1
control.graph.emitter emitter
control.graph.neighborprotocol neighbor
control.graph.monitorableprotocol monitorable

protocol.monitorable MonitorableImpl
protocol.monitorable.gossipprotocol gossip
protocol.monitorable.neighborprotocol neighbor

protocol.gossip GossipProtocolList
protocol.gossip.verbose VERB
protocol.gossip.timer_min 1000
protocol.gossip.timer_max 1500

control.density DensityController
control.density.neighbours neighbor
control.density.from 1*HEURES
control.density.step 2*MINUTES
control.density.verbose VERB

control.gossipcontroller GossipController
control.gossipcontroller.nb_diffusions 20
control.gossipcontroller.at 0
control.gossipcontroller.emitter emitter
control.gossipcontroller.position position
control.gossipcontroller.verbose 1

protocol.position PositionProtocolImpl
protocol.position.maxspeed 20
protocol.position.minspeed 1
protocol.position.width 1500
protocol.position.height 1500
protocol.position.pause 20*MINUTES

protocol.emitter InverseProportionalEmitter
protocol.emitter.latency 90
protocol.emitter.scope 300
protocol.emitter.probability 0.2
protocol.emitter.verbose VERB
protocol.emitter.val_k 0.5

protocol.emitter.positionprotocol position

protocol.neighbor NeighborProtocolImpl
protocol.neighbor.period 3000
protocol.neighbor.timer_delay 3500
protocol.neighbor.verbose VERB


initial_position_strategy Strategy5Init
next_destination_strategy Strategy4Next

initial_position_strategy.positionprotocol position
initial_position_strategy.emitter emitter
initial_position_strategy.distance_init_min 200
initial_position_strategy.distance_init_max 200


next_destination_strategy.positionprotocol position
next_destination_strategy.emitter emitter
next_destination_strategy.distance_min 200
next_destination_strategy.distance_max 200

